# art_gallery

This is my first project, I created this to practice what I have learned in Django. This is a virtual art gallery where the site owner can upload different style art in different categories. Starting with the index page I used one of the artist's work for a full screen background image. First I created an Accounts app that included a CustomUser and ShippingAddress model. I then created the Products app to handle uploading the art products. The site admin could upload the product and had the option to upload profile or landscape images. I used ImageKit to create thumbnails, different sized images, and watermarks if desired. Next was the Cart app, which was the one I struggled the most since I wasn't very experienced with Django. I created a UserItem model and then used function views to handle all of the logic for adding, updating, and deleting items from the cart. I read some online tutorials and Youtube videos for help with the cart since I wasn't sure how to create one from scratch. I used SendGrid in this app to send emails when there was a purchase and finally when the order was shipped. To handle the payments I created a Payment app in which I used Stripe. I created a CreateCheckoutSessionView and stripe_webhook to process credit card payments via the Stripe Api. Next I created a Contact app to allow visitors to contact the admin. In this app I used SendGrid to email the message to the admin's email. Finally I created a Review app to allow previous customers to leave a review, which is then displayed as a list.

